hey everybody dr. J from the fight da
GTA last time we spoke you know we we
talked about a new series that I'm
putting on on the flight culture and
talking about the cars the clothes
tattoos and music homes so today we're
going to talk about a little bit about
the cars i'm going to show you my
vehicle it's that you'll see what this
is about now i'm at today i'm at
industrial ping plastics and paints
let's see here there we go industrial
plastics and paints i keep saying it
wrong they these guys were the ones that
helped me get what i needed to make my
car look the way it does so i'm going to
show you my car as you see it's a
Mercedes SUV and if you notice it's a
flat almost like a flat black it's
actually considered matte black but it's
a it's a finish that isn't quite as
shiny as other stuff kind of makes it
look a little bit sinister if you will
so it definitely gives a different look
to it so keep having a look at it it's
quite neat get a lot of comments on it
looks very very sinister and the best
thing about it is the stuff that I use
is called plastidip a plastidip is a
paint coating or that is rubberized and
it's meant for using on your tools
what's the coolest thing about this is i
didn't have to sand my finish it's a
nice shiny black finish underneath this
car underneath this truck and the i
applied a wax and grease remover and
then i put on this stuff this plastidip
stuff on five coats it was simple and
whenever I want to remove it I just peel
on an edge with the paint edge and I'll
peel it off just like a sticker it's
really cool it's really temporary and
gives a look that I want so we're going
to go on to industrial plastics and
paints right behind me and tell you a
little bit about the place well now they
just so you know these are the people
that I'd like to deal with it's a
25-kilometer drive to get to these guys
it's it's a service that this is the
service that I
get here this is the reason why I come
here it's because of the service and the
prices are awesome so these guys do this
for a living so it's not just you know
going into your you know local hardware
store and buying it which you will pay
quite a bit more money now they're
located at 1485 coast meridian road
south in port coquitlam bc so we're
going to go in there and we'll we'll see
what we have to do come on in alright so
here we have John John I'm good buddy
how you doing good nice to see you again
you too now John is a the regional on
this is weird John is the regional
manager here at dustrial plastics and
paints now they've got a few stores this
is the one I deal with it's actually
further away from home than their other
store however again and we talked about
service and prices so we're here we're
going to talk to John a little bit about
plastidip the stuff I was telling you
about outside and well John what do you
think what can you tell me about the
stuff last yep ah great product we sell
quite a bit of it's it's a it's a
multi-purpose rubber coating comes in
spray dip gallons 5-gallon pails very
popular right now a lot of guys using it
for the cars like yourself yeah yeah I
see you've got a lot of colors you've
got the matte black it's actually flat
black it's a matte black i was saying
they've also got a couple different
colors there's red yellow white they've
got camouflage three different types of
14 yeah yeah that's actually kind of
cool they've also got a marble Iser
which is or metalizer rather which adds
some shine to your finish so you could
have a metallic flat finish it's really
cool if anyone was at the vancouver Auto
Show this year you would have seen a
vehicle who that was blue flat blue
metallic as well as a gold flat metallic
and this this might be just the the
paint to do that now they also have a
new one called smoke which is really
neat it's intriguing you might see that
on my vehicle pretty soon and there's a
classifier which is really neat so that
makes it shinier so it still has that
finish but it'll be a little bit shinier
as well as they have the dips they have
the Gowans they have a ton of stuff here
I've gallons also available to you know
five-gallon pails so if you have a
really big truck yeah that's what you
can use it for ya now I'm John now
you're located here like i said at 1485
coast meridian road south right port
coquitlam i want you guys all come down
here I want to show you something else
once you come in this store you'll see
you know a few things that you may be
interested in me you know that you may
not need but I want to show you
something that I thought it was really
cool so want to come on back come on
back here Todd we're going to walk to
the back of the store where you know I
walk into some stores and you know just
kind of poke around see what they have
and being that I am a customizer you
know of my own I found this stunt
yourself for exactly exactly now this
stuff is a twill carbon fiber as you see
two by two so you see it comes in a full
yard length now typical prices old yeah
yeah yeah so typical prices are around
one hundred dollars give or take in a
boat looked at up okay but yeah it goes
but so if you ever want to customize
your car a little bit further give it
that that look you want to wrap your
hood you want to create some new body of
ground effects or make a carbonate
intake I mean heck wrap your dog I don't
know but you know we go yeah there you
go now this stuff is made you know that
typically this is something that is
included in bulletproof vest so it is
tough do your searches a lot of you
already know about carbon fiber but I
think it's really neat so you know if
you want to buy this instead ordering
online come on down here to industrial
plastics and paints and you'll be able
to buy it so you've got a plastidip geez
I don't know John you've got a ton of
stuff you're using lots of stuff look at
the website check our website or go
industrial nazia you'll see what we have
this is a way honestly you get in here
you don't have to be just a guy yeah
yeah I blow your mind so you know like i
like i was saying to you to you my
readers that are my viewers rather that
you know the whole process of a lot of
Fighters do some of this sort of stuff
it's not just fighters it's kind of the
culture and a lot of the culture is
about that flamboyant so that it's you
know out there in your face type of
thing cars are part of it and
instead of just having what you know
every other person has you can come in
and try something different there is a
ton of stuff here and I want you guys to
get down here again industrial plastics
and paints at 1485 coast meridian road
south in Port Coquitlam you can get
McCall let's see here 60 for 945 for 7
11 I love coming in the store I think
that any of you who are in the fight
fight world and you want to change what
your vehicle looks like or you have
other projects get down here and check
it out so again John from thanks Julie
thank you very much and as me dr. J from
the flight dr dot CA keeps grabbing